Update release notes Access (#242)
onewelcome/identity-cloud-documentation: docs/products/access/release-notes/index.md

In the release notes we mention new features and bug fixes. If anything is unclear, feel free to contact [OneWelcome Support](https://support.onewelcome.com).

## Release date 2023-05-10

### Improvements
* We now allow `HEAD` requests to the authorization URL.

### Bugs

> * Fixed a bug there a cache did not expire on time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where some cache values did not expire on time.
```

### Bugs
* Fixed an issue where a request to a SAML IDP timed-out before the web session expired. This can happen when users have to go through an registration process at the IDP.

## Release date 2023-05-05

### Bugs

> * Fixed an issue where a request to a SAML IDP timed-out before the web session expired. This can happen when users have to go through an registration process at the IDP.

Reviewer: Which release was this in? It is duplicated in the release above.
